New tutorial: Partitioned Burgers eq. 1D (#670)
precice/tutorials: changelog-entries/670.md

> - Added new case: 1D partitioned Burgers' equation with one finite volume and one NN surrogate participant. 

Reviewer: Please add a link to this PR as well:

```suggestion
- Added new case: 1D partitioned Burgers' equation with one finite volume and one NN surrogate participant. [#670](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/670)
```

> New tutorial case: Partitioned Burgers' Equation in 1D solved with Finite Volumes and a Neural Network surrogate model !

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added new case: 1D partitioned Burgers' equation with one finite volume and one NN surrogate participant. 
```
